the real society got the historical milestone of hot shot triumphs
consecutive
thanks to cadiz 4 to 1 to the goals of aranburu agirretxe elustondo and griezmann
for the set of martín lasarte
The Caribbean was ahead thanks to diego tristán
first that this clear opportunity for both
the set of martín lasarte saw how in the 7th minute the
cádiz
diego tristan
is wrong bravo the Chilean goal in the clearance
and how the veteran talented forward strikes the leg to overtake the
his
to those of javi gracia
who was former player of the real society
now before his former team he wanted to take the three points
but fast it arrived to five minutes later in the 12 'I harness for
place the tables 1 to 1
had two opportunities the first solved by fragoso and now arrived
the equalizer
a vice in that roses for the practice of football the snowy field
slippery
Tristan tried to direct lack
this annulled goal now occurs to the real society aguirretxe at its tip
out of play
the team of martín lasarte is unfruitful nor estrada
still practicing with football and testing Aramburu box
new
at rest the tie to one surprises everyone and that is the real society that
had sold seven straight games
he was drawing a draw against a cadiz who had won one of the last
modest irun the minute two of the second part agirretxe imposes the
logic in 47 'the 2 to 1
the error of squares especially of the central ones also
and in the end 9 of the real society that put his team ahead
here the rival plays his own budget to clear a corner
came much more the real society look what jugadón of prieto band
right he left of those rivals who come to his step at the end they placed him on
edge of the area in kenya
minor of gavá narea will finish off
saves very well box
returns to save square box here to the attempt of head of the cow
that came very well to the second post
and in the 76 the 3 to 1 elustondo direct lack
and the ball hit by a player from the cadiz and take the box
illanes against in the 92 kills of the whole the real society the match with the both
from Griezmann the talented French
that lately he did not have too many minutes in the team
Martin Lasarte
here they had celebrated this peculiar way 4 to 1
the eighth consecutive triumph of the club's historic record company
donostiarra
who came to have the fifth but was nullified by offside javi gracia
he could not return home with triumph and will continue to question a week more in
cádiz
his team in decline the real society looking at first